# Level_difficulty_in_Candy_Crush_Saga_IN_R
# Level difficulty in Candy Crush Saga  Project Description  ====================  Candy Crush Saga is a hit mobile game developed by King (part of Activision|Blizzard) that is played by millions of people all around the world.  If you are one of the few that haven't played Candy Crush, here's a short demo: https://king.com/game/candycrush  In this project you will get to work with a real Candy Crush data set and use this data to estimate level difficulty. This project assumes you can manipulate  data frames using R packages dplyr and make simple plots using R package ggplot2. You can learn these skills with R package Tidyverse.   How to Open notebook.ipynb Project File  =======================================    i) Free download and install Anaconda from https://www.anaconda.com/download/ based upon your computer's operating system.  ii) After downloading Anaconda, Launch "Jupyter Notebook" from Start Menu -> Anaconda.  iii) Move to the directory on "Jupyter Notebook" where you have stored the .ipynb file.  iv) Double click to open the File on "Jupyter Notebook" software.  v) The Jupyter notebook shall reside under the folder "Level_difficulty_in_Candy_Crush_Saga_IN_R".     You can download the Level_difficulty_in_Candy_Crush_Saga_IN_R.zip file and unzip at your favorite location to see the notebook.  vi) The datasets which are used on this project shall reside under the folder Level_difficulty_in_Candy_Crush_Saga_IN_R\_\datasets  vii) All the required images shall reside under folder Level_difficulty_in_Candy_Crush_Saga_IN_R\_\img
